what's going on guys and welcome back to
another unboxing video today we're
unboxing Adventure Time the complete
first season so you might be thinking
and oh why I'm boxing a TV show I mean
it can only be a bunch of DVDs but it's
not so special is it well what I like
about Adventure Time is the fact that
Jake the dog in it is voiced by bender
I think that's freaking sick I actually
haven't seen a full episode of bench
tomasetto a few like snippets on youtube
the funny bits and I thought it was
pretty cool
but anyway more to the point what I like
about it is the actual one
what is it like a title thingy um as you
can see there how just like I just love
that title it's so cool it's so well
drawn himself so I actually tried to
copy it for my unlisted life if you can
see just below their little square what
do you guys think of my thing but um but
I love this sort of fun and then the way
they've packaged is like I just give
full props to anyone that goes to the
effort like usually a sister printed on
sort of slip in a DVD and you got those
three DVDs for the season but people
that go to like extra lengths to make
their seasons or DVDs look better I just
I love it
like collector's edition of stuff is so
cool when that's why I unbox it so as
you can see on the front it's actually a
slip on case with um thin fins there's a
little hat or helmet not sure what it is
so on the side you swiftie colors and on
the back you've actually got what I
think is pretty cool if say you binds at
the store and you didn't know like what
avenge Tom's about you scan that with
your phone and it brings up the trailer
of The Adventure Time first season so on
the back so the description of what the
what there is to know I'm not gonna read
that forward story out there's 26
episodes in the first season and there's
also commentaries by those guys made by
a madman and Cartoon Network together so
I'm let's get straight in so I get this
slip on cover off so as you can see you
pull it straight off and I just think
it's really cool so as you pull it off
inside that's like his hat thing comes
off and there you go that's is really
long luscious Goldilocks styled hair
looks a bit like Legolas is here and
that's sort of hairstyle at the back
there and then on the side what we got
the Complete First Season two disk
cylinders two disks and Cartoon Network
on the side so we open it up and then
this is where he even gets caught so
inside his head you then get sort of a
meaty part yeah that's very disgusting
but on be a sort of then make all the
episodes are listed they're not behind
the DVDs like summons so that kind of
gives
to me because I wanted to say ah what am
I gonna watch there but you have to take
DV out sometimes scratches anyway more
to the point so we have sort of inside
the head we have the skeleton so we got
the skull on this one I think that's
pretty cool we flip it over and you got
the brain is that not the coolest thing
ever and then you got nothing of course
but um yeah I just think that's freaking
awesome the way the package DISA bench
tom season one is he up there face like
you got that the Hat the face the me
part the skull and then the brain which
is disc two of course if you guys want
to see the artwork on that there we go
um I just it's really cool I really like
the unpackaging on that I know this
isn't like a full-on unboxings not
really unboxing too much but um but I
just thought I would explain and show
you the visuals of this sum of edge
times here's one for those at home
cynics I personally hadn't seen it at
all before so I saw it in the shops the
other day um so what do you think of
that packaging I really loved it um I
really like people to go the extra
length just to make the things look a
bit bare and competition I'm so full
props to adventure time and I'm looking
forward to watching my first full
website very soon have you guys seen the
show what do you guys think of it but
woody to next time guys he kept on
gaming see you then